Good morning, everybody. Thank you for
joining us again today. We're going
to pray, of course, like we always do.
I want to go over some of the
things the Lord showed us yesterday in
prayer, and I feel the urgency of the
hour. First off, I want to say thank you
all for joining me, but we have a lot
of work to do. We're going to pray for
the nation and for
President Trump and his safety. We'll
pray for all the things the Lord has shown
us, and we'll
just go over some of the things that
the Lord showed us
yesterday. But
yesterday,
just the pulse of everything, I've never
seen it like this before. And that's why
I thought it was really cool
because whenever the Lord was showing me
in the spirit, I saw a wall, a watchman's
wall. I was on the wall,
and it was a beautiful stone wall.
It wasn't like
bricks; it was like rock. And I was on
this rock, and I was looking and there were
portals that looked like
wormholes. The only way I can describe
it to you is like yellow, bright
light portals, but there were
one, two, three, four, and they went
down the line. And the Lord said, "You
can pick and choose. Every one of these
right now is vital to pray over. I have
much to show you
because of what's happening with the
urgency of the hour."If you don't
know, I think you'd have to have your
wood completely wet to not realize that
Jesus is coming.
He's coming. That's what I'm trying
to tell y'all. He is coming. Jesus is
coming. And your wood would have to be
completely wet for you not to see it.
That's what I'm trying to say. Did I
butcher that? I probably did, didn't I?
But I'm trying to tell you that it's
time to wake up. And so I saw the wall,
and every single one of the
portals that were up on this wall was
an urgency in
the spirit realm to pray over. And he
said, "You can pick and choose today
which one you want to go down."And he's
never given me that option before.
So I was kind of scattered because I was
like, "Well, which one is vital to you?
Which one do you want?"Every one of
these is a necessity for
where we are right now. This is very—and
I could see, and this is cool as
it was panning before my eyes, I could see pictures like you would see on a real-life reel on YouTube. It was panning before my eyes.
The screen looked like a
live movie, and in every single one of
them, I could see terrorist attacks,
the finances of the nation,
President Trump's health, so many
different things going down, and every
single one of them is vital.
After I walked up to the wall, I
just went, "Well, I'll just scattershot
this thing.
We'll pray into all of them."So we
prayed for a long time, and I said, "I'm
not leaving until I feel like I at
least hit almost every single one
of these, even if it's just for a couple
of
minutes."I
didn't know how to really handle it
because
I've never been
given that option. So as I was
looking into this and I
jumped into the portal, I could see the
river of it and he said, "Flow in this."So
I was praying. Then I started
praying for the drones and 911
distractions.
I could see a plot from the enemy,
and the Lord said, "This is not a
terrorist attack. This is an act of war from
what has infiltrated America."They
are sleeper cells that are truly
hidden. They're sleeping, and you're
not going to hear internet chatter of
some ISIS enthusiast going, "Hey, we're
going to do this and
that."The
Lord was showing me, he said,
"These are trained soldiers. There's no
chatter. What you are hearing is that
secret signal
that is like a Morse code
that is only broadcast at certain times of
day, once a week or once a
month."It
was coming from a
signal and it sounded like
the little thing you push the button on
the Speak & Spell. Do you remember
Speak & Spell in the '80s? It sounded
like a voice, like Speak & Spell. And I
could hear the numbers and
it was a deciphered code.
It was the deciphered code that was
coming to the soldiers, the enemy
within, the Red Dawn experience that I
keep telling y'all about all the time. I
say we got to pray against the Red Dawn
experience. We got to pray against the
enemy within. This is an infiltration of
the enemy that is not terrorists. I
would say, like I said, it's an act of
war. These are trained soldiers and they
look like Special Ops. But I was praying
into this and I heard the Speak &
Spell sound. It was a voice. But as they
would get the code, it would only last
for a couple of seconds, but they knew when
to get the code of when they were to be
commissioned to do it, like
"stand down"or "go ahead."It
was a
code and they would have to write down
the numbers and then they would decipher
it with the deciphering
sheet. So I saw it was very
well thought out. And the Lord said
they're not using the internet.
They're using a different means, like
Cold War old communications.
So I saw it. So they were listening for
their code.
Then I saw drones and the Lord was
showing me 911 distractions.
I saw that they would
try in the days ahead to create an
event
to make all the police go over
there. You make a little event happen
over here so they think it's a
major event, and all the law
enforcement would flood to this area
because they think, "Oh, this is
the big thing."But the
big thing was down the road.
So I saw a planned thing
to disrupt 911
services to distract from the
main event.
I saw a hospital in Boston. I saw a Red
Cross. I saw a Red Cross on this. It
looked like something on the medical
ship for the Navy. It was a big Red
Cross. I don't know if this is type and
shadow metaphor or whatever, but because
sometimes it is when the Lord's showing
me stuff. It's not always just black and
white. It's like the
seven
fat cows and seven skinny cows.
When you're looking at it, it doesn't
mean anything about the cows; it means
famine's coming and seven years of
blessing and seven years of famine.
So I see
the building and the Lord said,
"Look at the hospital."But
I could see snipers on the top of
certain buildings trying to take out law
enforcement when they came, hiding on top
of buildings in black outfits. And they
were trying to not just get police
officers, but firefighters. And the Lord
said, "Pray for the firefighters. Pray
for your law enforcement. Pray for the
FBI. Pray for Homeland Security."That's
why I was praying
over all your law enforcement.
Pray over New Orleans,
Nashville, and Boston. They were
in a line: Boston,
Nashville, and New Orleans—the
furthest south, mid, and
north. I thought it was interesting.
But the way He had me praying over
three cities—Minneapolis;
Omaha, Nebraska; and
these cities where they have cells
of these people in them—I
was praying over that. Then
I was shown the Boston Red Sox and the New York
Yankees. I don't know why; I saw the
stadiums and was praying over these
two rivals. Pray over the games; pray
over baseball in the days ahead.
Just pray over baseball, America's
pastime. They always call it
America's pastime,
right? I still love baseball; baseball
is amazing to me. I love the playoffs;
it's my thing. But
praying over our baseball games, over Judge.
I saw Judge's
face in the Yankees. I saw him
and I don't know why, but I knew it
was the Yankees. Then praying over
the World Cup with the Mexican team,
Mexico, with the green and white
jerseys, praying over this.
I saw them; I saw the World Cup. I saw
the drones. The drones had a
bubble around them. It was an electric
bubble that looked like one of those
balls you touch
at a science fair where
the electricity touches your
finger. It had a force field around it.
The drones had a thin membrane
that looked like a force field with
electricity beams going all around it.
And as you would use a jammer to knock
it down—I saw our law enforcement had
jammers that look like little guns, like
little razor things—but they
couldn't. They had a mathematical
equation. It was a mathematical code
that you had to penetrate with something like
a virus.
Excuse my ignorance, but this is all
I know how to do to describe to you what I
was seeing in the spirit. They
needed a virus to break the code; they
needed something to break the cipher of
the bubble that protects the
drone. I saw all these drones had
big wings, four of them.
They had a payload, a white box
underneath the drone, and
the Lord said, 'This is a
payload.'So
I saw that and I saw the drones being
used, but they have come out with a
frequency to jam the jammers so that
they don't take them down. It
was, like I said, a mathematical
code.
I don't know what I'm
saying; I'm just telling you what I saw. I'm
telling it to you, Brandon.
This is all like rocket science
to me. I'm just trying to tell you what
the Lord was showing me.
I thought it was very interesting
because I saw the bubble around these
things. They were trying to plan
a swarm, like bees,
to all come out. It's too much—what
do you do with a swarm? It
was
very dark.
As I was looking into New Orleans, I
heard 'Bay of Pigs'again. I saw the fox
in the Bay of Pigs area look towards New
Orleans.
The Lord said, 'Pray over New
Orleans. Pray over this.'So, I'm seeing in
part; we'll see if
God gives us any more today.
It isn't about us. We attract
to deflect. We keep our eyes on Jesus.
It's so important that we
decrease and He increase, that no matter
how much we see or what God shows us, we
keep the main thing the main thing, and
it's Him. It's all about Him, and it
will continue to be about Him. It's not
about Brandon Biggs, my
wife, or my son. It's always about
giving God glory for using us in these
last days because He could use any one
of you. It's to keep humble.
He rebuked me even; sometimes
people want to talk to you,
and I go, 'Lord, why do they want
to bother me?'I
think I'm just a real private
person; I kind of stay to myself. He
said, 'Brandon, what makes you think
they want to talk to you?'I
said, 'Well, they're the ones
talking to me.'He said, 'It's Christ in
you.
They see Jesus; they see Me in you,
Son.
They're pulling from the anointing.
It's not you
they're after; they want the glory; they
want the anointing. They sense
something, and that's why they're coming.'But
it's not you. Anytime you start
thinking it's you—'Why do they want to
talk to me?'—well, they don't want
to talk to you. What makes you think
they do?
I repented immediately. He said, 'There
goes a root that can turn
into a root of pride real quick. Let it die.'I
said, 'Yes, Lord.'It's
always staying on that
line, staying in that balance
of where He's at, staying on the
life source, that you are always
decreasing. You attract to deflect.
You attract to deflect even in your
thoughts.
'Why do they want to talk to me?
Why do they want to bother me?'They
don't. They're after the anointing. They
need a touch from Jesus.
Every single one of them, even if they see a
mirror, they see Jesus in you. Because
in the days ahead—this is where I'm
going with this—there'll
be a lot of
you that are going to be the
catchers. The pitcher is going to throw it
hot; you're going to get a fastball.
When they're
coming into the body of Christ—these
sinners,
the unsaved, the
people who need to get Jesus—they're
coming in hot.
I'm trying to describe how I saw it in the vision.
The Lord said, 'You're catching. Are you
ready? Do you have your mitts ready? Are
you ready to receive the people that are coming?'Be
patient with my babies.
There will be many of you that walk with
the glory on you. There'll be many of
you that walk with the presence of God,
with healings and signs and wonders in
these last days. For the harvest is
plentiful and the laborers are few.
Always attract to deflect.
Give Him glory for everything you're
about to see.
It's all about Jesus all the time.
It's so important. I listen
to Kathryn Kuhlman all the time.
I thought, 'Man, this lady is
really dramatic,'but
when you feel that you've
grieved the Holy Spirit—like I did
last night with some thoughts I had—the
Lord corrects me.
I walk a very thin line; to whom much
is given, much is required.
I always check my thermostat.
Where are you with your walk with
the Lord today?
Have you checked your spiritual thermostat
today? Where were you when
you woke up? I had to go back and look
at all the mercy scriptures. I look at
all the times I think, 'Well, God's mad
at me; He's upset.'And He said, 'Brandon,
go look at all my mercy scriptures.
Go meditate on mercy today.
How much do I love you?'I said, 'Yeah,
His goodness and His
mercy.'Even
when
you get off track and He checks your
heart, you think, 'Oh,
I don't want to mess up. I want to keep
right with You.'But He shows me He has
mercy.
God loves you.
I don't even know why I'm
crying. It hit me hard.
I told Diana, 'We have to go
drive around for a little bit,'because
that's where I worship, in my
car, and I drive and pray over the city.
In the middle of the night, I said,
'Let's go. I want to drive and pray.'I'm
going over all the
things that He's talking to me about regarding
the end times. And I
always keep my thermostat hot.
I try really hard,
but even whenever he tells me, "Read
these scriptures about mercy today."What
are you going
through? Find scriptures that pertain to
what you're going through and meditate
on them. And today I
needed mercy. Today I
said, "God,
you know, I feel like you're
irritated at me or whatever."And you
know, correction comes. Correction is
not always fun when he corrects you.
It's a spanking. And at the same time,
you go, "Are we cool? Can we
fist bump? Are we all right?"And of
course we're right. But
he said, "Oh, Brandon, meditate
on my mercy towards you. Meditate on my
love towards you today.
Get rid of the stinking thinking.
I'm not mad at you. I have
longsuffering.
I love you. I love your wife. I love
your kids. I correct those I
love."And
correction makes the bridle of the horse's
mouth go. And the
more you're broken, the
less he has to jerk on that bridle
to get you to move. If you have
to yank a horse, that horse is in
rebellion; a horse just has to be led.
And the more you just barely do that,
the horse will move. It doesn't have
to take a hard pull
unless the horse is not doing what you
tell it to do. But you just barely lead
that horse and that horse will just go and
run.
It doesn't take much. And that's when
you're pliable.
God will do the exceedingly abundantly
above all that you dare ask or think. If
you're pliable in your life and
keeping him the main thing,
keeping my eyes on him,
you have to yield
yourself to him every day.
I just thought it was
interesting some of the things that I'm
going through and just how he's teaching
me and
standing against the things that have
been trying to come against me in the
spirit realm and learning the authority
of the believer. You can hear
Sister Billye Brim talk about the
authority of the believer, Pastor
Candace,
but you can parrot
it really easy.
You can be a parrot and just quote
Sister Billye's book, "The Authority of
the Believer,"and Brother Hagin, and you
can read that and go, "Yeah, I've
got the authority of the believer. Of
course I do. Yeah, that's right, pastor.
High five."And you can be all excited
about it. But when the enemy comes and
the roaring lion comes at your house and
you're sitting there and they're not
there, the book is a couple feet
away and you know the enemy is
there and he's knocking at your door. I
heard an
audible voice
saying, "I'm
mad about yesterday and what we did
yesterday."I
stopped and I started praying in
the spirit and the Lord said, "Stand
against this."I
get the word down and I quote it out of
my mouth, but I don't want to parrot
something that I've heard from
somebody else. I want it to be a Rhema to
me. And the only way
you're going to get Rhema is by you
meditating on the word. You're going to
have to get Ephesians down in your
heart. You're going to have to get
the Bible
and you read
it and you meditate on it and you apply it
and you get the supplements like "The
Authority of the Believer"and you read
that and you apply it.
At the entrance of his
word brings forth light. And the more you
get that word down inside your heart, the
more you get it coming
through your eyes, it will renew
your mind and then you'll realize, "This
isn't me parroting a word
and a book anymore. This is becoming a Rhema
word to my spirit and it
has power and authority."When
a word becomes Rhema to you,
power and authority will come out
of you. So the more you meditate on
the word, the more you get it down
inside your heart, you're not just parroting
what your pastor's saying.
I really want to encourage you.
It starts with parroting. It's like
babies. They imitate their mom and
daddies. Be imitators of God as
dear children imitate their fathers. So
imitate the Lord. But the only way
you're going to do that is by watching
and looking at him
by mirroring that. This is
God speaking to me.
The word is alive and it is
written for you to get that down inside
of you. If you want to know who God
is, read this Bible.
When you get
that word inside of you, it will change
you from the inside out.
The entrance of his word brings
forth light. So I'm trying to help
you because there's so many new
believers that come on here and a lot of
people that don't know anything about the
word and they want to know, "Why am I still
bound? Why am I broke? Why am I not
making it financially? How come I'm
not making it with my health?
My marriage is a wreck and I'm
strung out on drugs; I can't
get free from that."You
will know the truth and the truth will
set you free. I have so many
people say, "I need to have demons cast
out of me."Yeah,
you might. But the
only way you're going to remain free,
even if you got them cast out of you, is
getting this word of God inside of you.
Or he's going to bring eight more of his
friends with him. They're going to bring
a bunch of his little buddies and
they're going to say, "Hey, we can go in there,"because he doesn't
have the word
inside of him still.
The only way that you're going to stay
free is getting a foundation of the word
of God inside of you.
You can quote scripture, but
until it is real to you, it's like
saying "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star."You
can quote things out of your mouth and
parrot things. But the enemy
knows when you know. When
you submit yourself therefore unto God,
you resist the devil and he will flee.
He knows when you know.
He's seeking whom he may devour.
Who can he devour? The one that doesn't
have the word inside of their heart and
is rooted and grounded in love.
Faith works by love. So you've got to walk
in love. You've got to check your love
thermostat. So if your
faith doesn't feel like it's working,
check your love walk.
How do you treat the people around you?
Are
you treating them cranky? Are you
rude or hateful? God is love
and the
word of God will flow out of you when
you get
rooted in love. Love
has to be priority because faith works
by love.
I don't
understand why I'm not having any
breakthrough?
Check your love walk.
Check how you treat people.
Love takes no account of a suffered
wrong. Love is not fretful. Love is not
resentful. 1 Corinthians 13, I
believe it is.
Read it.
Get love down inside of you. Love
never fails. I'm
trying to tell you all this because of
what I've seen coming.
And you're going to have to
know this. You're going to have to
understand Psalm 91. You're going to
have to understand Psalm 23.
You're going to have to get it rooted in
your heart. I try very
hard not to preach fear.
War is not going to happen on our soil,
Brandon. These things aren't going to
happen with us. I pray that
all the time. But I'm going to tell you,
for the things I've seen in visions and
the storms that I've seen coming, I've
seen great shakings coming to America.
America as you know it is going to
change majorly in the days ahead. The Lord
said, "I've given you a window with
President Trump. What will you do with
the window? Will you squander it or will
you use it? I've given you a window of
opportunity here, a four-year window.
Now we're down to two and a half years."And
that's if we can get him on the
other side by praying. It's not just
automatic. We have to pray for his
health, his
marriage, and his children. We
have to pray for the attacks that are
coming against his life. Well, we'll
have JD Vance. You don't even know what
you're saying.
Do you know the enemy? We
prayed for President Trump just to
make it to where he was. They tried to
take him out with a bullet.
No, it wasn't fake.
All the attacks that
have come against him—the enemy has been
after him since day one. Do you
think he's going to sit idly by and just
have a JD Vance or Marco Rubio come in?
Do you not think they have a
plan, a black swan event, or
something trying to
overthrow all this with the finances? You
can't get the Clarity Act passed; you can't
get the SAVE America Act passed. I say
he's a stalemate president. He is
bobbing in the water right now. We have
four months to push something major
through or they're going to have a blue
wave. Oh, I don't believe that.
It's the same false prophets that told
you he was going to win in 2020.
When I talked to a
major TV network, they called me,
"Brandon, what does the Lord show you
about this?"I said, "Trump's going to
lose."They
didn't like that.
They didn't invite me on their TV
program.
I won't even say who it was, but I
haven't been on yet.
But the Lord said it,
and he told me he's going to lose. I
told everybody on Facebook
because I wasn't on the internet yet.
But people are listening;
people are
noticing what I'm talking about. This was
before I started having the platform I
have now. You know what? He's not off.
I stay on the vine. I stay
close to him.
I want to be close to him. And it isn't
about me. If this all turns off today,
I'll just go back to
doing what I was doing: praying and
interceding like I always do, staying
close and doing my marching orders. I
want him to look at me and say, "Well
done, Brandon, that good and faithful servant."But
what I'm trying to tell
you is I see a storm. I see a storm. I've
got to stay on track.
We're already 40 minutes into this, but
when I see attacks on our nation
and our nation's soil, and I see
attacks against our President's
flesh and against the judges
concerning the Supreme Court, pray over
Clarence Thomas. Pray over Byron
Donalds.
Don't call him McDonald's.
I call him McDonald's, and Braden
said, "It's not McDonald's; it's Donalds."Pray
over Byron. I'm telling
you, I want you to see this clip. Do you
have the clip of the word
the Lord gave us on
November
12th?
Look over the last seven
months at what that word said.
It's very important what
he said about JD Vance and what's
coming and what we have to pray for.
This will be our last thing and we'll
pray. I need you to see
this.
Let's get some of those
loading.
Oh, it's loaded.
Now, look at this
real quick. I want you to see: on
November 12th of 2025, I gave this
word.
There's my sweetheart
praying over JD Vance. And what I
heard
the Lord say was, "You're seeing ahead of
time.
You're seeing in the future.
It has not happened yet."I
said, "Watergate,
Watergate, what is this?"So
I prayed into that all afternoon.
And I said, "Lord,
what is the Watergate with JD Vance?"And
he said, "Brandon,
I show you a glimpse of that which is to
come. Pray for this.
We don't want another Watergate,
a modern-day Watergate."He
said, "Pray into this."And I saw
key strategic people that were involved
in this.
And when it comes out, they say,
"I was forced to because of his
position."Think
about what I just said.
"I didn't want to do it,
but because of his position,
I felt like I had to.
I did this on
behalf of him, not wanting to."And
I saw the strategic man who has a
lot of influence with a lot of money
become a rat:
Elon Musk.
Not that that was ever supposed to take
place because what he did was wrong. But
the motive behind it was
pressure.
So we pray for the pressure.
We pray for why the man would ask the
other man to do this certain thing,
why these other things would try to take
place.
And the Lord said, "You're looking into the
not-too-distant future."And
I said, "Can we stop this then?"Of
course you can. You are
to pray. And
the infection that was the size of a
grapefruit that was right above his
side
was oozing out. And
the
Lord said,
"Scandal,
scandal."I
saw a strategic knife
cutting it and letting the drainage out.
But because of what he was trying to do
with running for the President of the
United States of America in 2028,
I heard, "Impeach, impeach, impeach,"but
they didn't have enough votes to impeach
him.
But it was enough to keep him out of
the presidency.
I saw the
African-American man with chubby cheeks, Byron Donalds,
and the Secretary of State, Rubio.
I saw these people running behind.
But the Lord said specifically,
"You're not paying attention to what you
need to be paying attention to, for
they're grooming a new Obama-kind of a
person behind closed doors.
They're grooming somebody and they
haven't come on the scene yet."I
saw a person that had great speaking
ability,
and the Lord said they will be
demonically
empowered.
There's a demonic anointing on
people to do certain things like
equipping.
An
equipping to get the job done by far-leftist
thinking.
They were
demonically empowered. They were
empowered
by darkness.
"We have won because New Yorkers have
stood up for a city they can afford.
A city where they can do more than just
struggle.
One where those who toil in the night
can enjoy the fruits of their labor in
the day.
Where hard work is repaid with a stable
life. Where eight hours on the factory
floor or behind the wheel of a cab is
enough to pay the
mortgage."And
I saw this person being like an
Obama with their speech, and they were
luring you in similar to how music does
in the secular realm. And this person
was being groomed and the Lord said,
"You're not paying attention to the
right thing."So, a demonic empowerment,
influence,
driven.
And then I saw
Monica Lewinsky.
I saw
Marilyn Monroe.
I heard the word
JFK,
Marilyn Monroe, and Monica
Lewinsky, and then I heard another
scandal. That is
what I was praying over again
today. People say, "Brandon,
these are things that we can avert,"and
we can stop as the body of Christ by praying
into these things.
The Lord said, "Leave it there.
Don't go anymore."So that's what
we're going to do; we're
going to pray over that. We'll pray over
the nation and the covering
over this nation.
Regardless of the people
involved in this that the Lord is
trying to protect, we pray over who
God wants in power, regardless of
people messing it up through their
flesh.
We want the right person to get
the job done. Now,
as I was seeing the budget be
passed, I saw a plane take off,
and the Lord said, "Today's the day of
the beginning of the turnaround.
Pray into that."This
is what I saw: I saw the plane
taking off, and I was at Oral Roberts
University.
We were driving over there today, and I
was driving down the hill going to ORU
and saw the airport by ORU. I saw
the plane taking off, and the Lord said,
"This is the beginning of a turnaround."As
I was watching the
clouds, I saw this and said, "This
is the beginning of a turnaround. Pray
into that for the nation."And
that was why the cruise ship was behind
you,
because I told Braden, "This is the
beginning of the turn."But see, a boat
takes a long time to turn around; it
doesn't happen all at once. A plane can
really put some G-force and
change things really fast. But that big
boat behind me, it takes a little bit.
That boat takes a
little bit,
and the Lord said, "Start praying into
that."America's
in trouble, y'all.
I know a lot of people say you're
not going to experience all this, and
I understand why you say it
because you say it out of fear. A lot of
times when you're in faith, you say it, but
a lot of it is based out of a seed of
fear. You're worried about the plague and worried
about things. You're elderly, a lot
of you, and you don't want to die from a
plague. I didn't say we would if you use
the Scripture. Well, "I believe it never
will happen."Well, you're standing
against the Word.
Matthew 24 said it would. Jesus said it
would; it came right out of His own
mouth. He warned us that we would see
these things, and we're not going to
contradict what God
Himself, Jesus in the flesh, said. We
were going to experience wars. These are
the signs because the disciples asked
Him, "What are the signs of your coming,
Master?"Well,
let me tell you, there'll be wars
and rumors of wars. There'll be plagues
and pestilences. There'll be earthquakes in
diverse places.
Fear not, for
this is the beginning of sorrows.
He warned us that this stuff
was going to take place.
He said plural, more than one plague. He
didn't say we're just going to have COVID.
You'll have
earthquakes, wars, rumors
of wars,
plagues, and
pestilences.
He didn't say one.
So, what does that tell you? If we are
in the beginning of sorrows, if we
really are there, we're going to see
these things.
So, what does that mean for the body of
Christ? It means you need to know who
you are.
Either
you have a backbone like a crowbar or you don't.
That's why the Lord
said, "Rally the troops, wake people up.
Call them to prayer. Be
consistent. Be instant in season and out
of season. Pray. I need you to be
serious about this."I'm
doing the best I can,
and I tell you what the Lord tells
us to say. Then the other part was
praying over what I saw concerning
Israel.
I saw,
pretty much you would know who it was, Bibi,
and I saw Gantz come back. Everybody
thought I was talking about
George Bush
or Obama coming
back. I'm not talking about America; I
was talking about Israel. The Lord
showed me that the one man would be
taken out and the other one put back in.
When I heard the word, I didn't know
what I was hearing, and when I said it, I
wish I never would have said it.
I was like, "Oh my God,
Brandon, pull those words back."It's not
something you want to say on live.
I don't care anymore;
those words don't exist on there
anymore.
Unless God,
you know, when you're seeing these
things and you're releasing things so
quickly, and then you find out what
it means when you talk to people of
intelligence, you go, "Oh, dear God,
I've got to
pray."I
saw Mossad take Bibi out. So, there you
go.
Hard things to say, but I saw it.
I saw an oil spill, an
attack against America's oil
with another BP oil spill. And the Lord
warned us that they were going to start
to burn churches.
He said, "You must pray."I saw major
churches burning across the world:
Europe, America, Canada. And He said,
"It's the Islamic Brotherhood that will
start doing this."They're going to
burn it and poke a
giant, and the giant called my church will wake up.
Another one's burning today or yesterday.
They said an arsonist burned
this old church down in
Ireland.
The Lord said they're going
to start burning your churches down.
It was built in 1870.
So old.
All right, let's keep going.
This is the gas lines in Russia.
When you're looking in, you see
in part, and I
see the war escalating. I see gas
lines that are over a mile long, and I
don't know where I'm looking. All I
see is cars
lined up as far as the eye can see.
I told Diana, "There's
coming a gas war."It would be like the
1970s, and there'll be people lined up so
far that they'll not be able to
get gas. Like I
said, I don't know where I'm looking; I
think it's America, I'm just seeing gas.
But as I pray, it just downloaded and
I said, "It's coming at the time.
They're going to start to blame
Israel in the days ahead. Watch."But here are
lines
of people trying to get gas in Russia.
Well, it's Russia, but it's not about
Israel yet; this is
about Ukraine blowing up their gas
stuff. So all the people in Russia
are not able to get gas.
That would be terrible to be in that
line trying to get a tank of gas for
your family.
Do you see how long
they're lined up waiting for a tank of
gas?
The guy has a foul mouth;
he's cussing because
he's freaking out over how many people
are waiting for a tank of gas.
Okay, then we have this.
They're worried about
the power grid for the heat.
The energy department has
declared an emergency for the nation's
largest power grid as a massive heat
dome threatens electricity demands
across areas home to 160 million
Americans. The Lord said,
"Pray over your power stations.
Pray over your power
grid."Why
is He saying
this? All I see is power stations. I see
people without power, some of them for
weeks
because something happens to the power
grid. And the Lord said, "Pray over this."And
that's why I keep bringing it
to you. I see, I think it's terrorist
attacks. What is he saying?
So when you add to or take away from
anything the Lord's showing you in a
vision, guess what happens? It
becomes inaccurate and it gets
flaky. So you don't want to be flaky.
You want to say, "What is God saying?"So
here it is. Here's some, maybe
this is pretty interesting because of
the heat and they're all freaking out
over the power grid. So could this be
it? Could be. I don't
want to add to or take away from
anything. I'm just telling you the Lord
said, "Pray over the power stations across America."And
I saw it in the south and I
saw major disruptions coming, some up to
three weeks for
some people. Now, what
causes that? I don't know. Go ahead.
Yes, I mean,
this morning's
clip: the Energy
Department declaring an emergency for
the nation's largest energy grid amid
concerns over potential record demand
and supply shortages. The orders allow
PJM, which services 13 states and
Washington DC, to operate at maximum
output without environmental concerns as
electricity demand skyrockets in the
heat. Thousands of power outages already
reported in Ohio. Some 160 million
Americans are impacted by the dangerous
heat dome expanding east.
We got some water
in New York City. Officials opening
hundreds of cooling centers and
deploying cooling vans to help the most
vulnerable.
These are extremely dangerous conditions
and they will affect every part of our
city. Philadelphia
Fourth of July celebrations affected, too.
Signs of the times. What's he
saying?
And to every business owner, please set
your thermostats to 78 degrees to
alleviate the stress on our power grid.
Don't put it too low.
Yeah, so they want you to sweat in your
house at
78 degrees.
My gosh,
I would be roasting in my house without
a fan on or something.
Okay, so remember when I told you this
is very important, George, and I said,
"Pray over the little boy. A Harry
Potter spirit will try to come on him in
the days ahead with witchcraft. He has
been selected."Do
you remember that? Did anybody in
the comment section
remember me praying over this little
boy, the prince
in Europe?
I said, "So we see the Queen is hanging
out with the lady that married Harry
Potter and says, 'We're going to be buddies.'"And
I said, "There's
something about Harry Potter."Well, the
Queen's photo with Harry Potter and
the lady is igniting fury in the
comments. Well, they want to reach
out to the youth of England. They
want to help them, right?
And I said, "There's something about
Harry Potter."I
see Harry Potter. Does anybody
remember that? I said, "I see Harry Potter"and
I don't know what it is about
this boy. I said, "Something dark with witchcraft."And
I saw Satan say, "I have
selected people."And I saw him fighting
for them. And the Lord said, "Pray for
that family."And I saw a bow, a pink
bow wrapped around Kate's womb. A
pink bow wrapped around Kate. And the
Lord said, "Pray for her health, Kate,"her
stomach area.
So she's hanging out with Harry Potter.
So what does that mean? I don't know.
But the Lord said, "I saw a Harry Potter
spirit coming on the royals."Las
Vegas police have seized more
than 20,000 pounds of illegal fireworks
so far. Okay. What did I see last night?
I saw a dragon on a thread that
was a firework that had a dragon and I
saw an explosion and the Lord said it's
in the fireworks.
And I saw a thin line with a dragon sliding
on it, a golden thread
yesterday. Do you remember that? And it
was a golden thread
and it was a dragon from China.
And I said, "What does this have to do
about the Fourth of July?"And
he said, "Who makes the most fireworks?"Do
you remember that
yesterday? Who makes the most fireworks?
China.
So, what does it have to do? What's
happening? What are they doing with
those? I don't know. I don't want to add to or
take away from it, but it's
interesting.
20,000 pounds.
I know, but what are they going to do
with them?
I don't know. And then he said he's going
to take over Cuba. I mean, not directly.
Okay.
Go ahead.
And speaking of Cuba,
after many, many decades,
it's coming our way.
Yep, coming our way.
So we saw a flag last night with Rubio,
and Rubio had a flag inside of him and
it was an American flag and it was moving.
And I saw a Cuban flag and an American flag
merging into one and they
touched the tips and the red and
white stripes went onto Cuba's stripes
and changed Cuba's stripes from blue and
white to red and white and they merged
into one at the tips. It wasn't the
whole flag, but there was a joining of
Cuba and the American flag together in the
vision and it came out of Marco Rubio.
And I saw the American flag moving, the Cuban
flag moving, and all of a sudden they
touched and they became one, but they
were still separate. I
thought it was a neat vision. I actually
like that one. That was
pretty cool what he showed.
Okay, go ahead.
So we have weather warfare. Scientists
say they have built a cell from scratch
for the first time.
They
built a cell,
some kind of cell. So they're messing
with nature so much that they're trying
to create human DNA and cells. I said
they will in the days ahead
take animal DNA
and they will splice it with humans, old
tortoises and turtles, and they'll try to
take longevity from the tortoise DNA
and they want to splice it with a
man's to get... because a
tortoise lives like 150 to 200 years
old. They wanted to be able to take
that DNA and bring it into a man
or a gorilla. The strength of a gorilla
into a man. The fastness. How do they do
this? They were trying to pull things
from cells to try to splice to cause
superhumans.
And they would take the organs and they
were harvesting organs out of
laboratories. And I saw them trying to
make people live longer.
Elites. How do you put a heart that is lab-grown
into a chest of a man to
make that heart live longer and you feel
healthier and better out of animal DNA?
I don't know. It was demonic. And I saw
it happening and I said, "How are they
going to do this?"He said, "AI
codes."And
he said, "A new digital age is
coming. The cure for cancer is coming."And
I said, "Why would they cure cancer?
It's a multi-billion dollar business."He said,
"Because they want you to trust it."Trust
what? AI. They want
you to embrace it.
And the only way a lot of people
will embrace something so dark is when
they see it's helping humanity.
And I saw a cure for cancer coming. I
saw a cure for Alzheimer's and dementia
coming. And it came out of a lab. And
the Lord said, "They will bring it out."And
the cure for cancer will be
no more. And he said in this, people will
embrace it as it's the new wave. Do you
understand what was a plague for so many
decades and killed so many people
will be eradicated in a matter of
just like that, and everybody will
embrace AI and the beast system in the
days ahead.
They will embrace it. It's our friend.
He said, "As of now, what should a
Christian do?"He said, "Harness
it, don't embrace it.
Harness it, don't embrace
it."Okay.
Ark of the Covenant. Now, this is a neat
one.
I told you, I said a discovery will be
made in the days ahead. I told you back
in January, I said I saw them. I said, "An
earthquake will take place.
Earthquakes will start to take place and
a shaking will unveil
something to do with the Ark of the
Covenant.
And this will bring many Muslims to
Jesus in the days ahead when they find
these tablets and I saw a stick
that became alive and had buds at the
top of it that looked like blossoms."Everybody's
freaking out about it.
Brandon, what did you see? You think you
saw the Ark of the Covenant? I don't
know. All I saw was tablets and a rod,
and it had blossoms on it. And the Lord
said, 'These discoveries they will try
to destroy.'But I saw America
and the military stepping in, and they
had soldiers built around it.
They brought it to England and other
areas to display it in museums.
There was rioting outside when this took
place. But the Lord showed me many
people will come to Jesus because he
said he was breathing on old discoveries
out of the ground to bring in many of
the lost that are too atheist. The atheist—'I
don't believe there's a God'—but
there will be discoveries
that will bring and shake even the
atheists in the days ahead to prove that
there truly is a God. He said, 'This is
just my mercy.'A
wave of 'Blessed are
those that have not seen it yet still believe.'But
there's going to be a 'we
can see,'and will you still be stupid
and not believe?
You're going to see a sign. But are you
going to be that dumb and still not
believe that there is a God even with
things that will prove the
Bible's real—thousands of years old—that's
right there in front of you? Are
you still going to be dumb and not
believe Jesus is alive and he loves you
and he has a plan for your life? Look at
this. This is interesting as we see
this.
It's happening just like he said. Wait
until they find the big one.
Does anybody remember that
word?
Say in the comment section.
So, they're finding stuff. Wait until
the earthquake happens. I saw the Mount
of Olives splitting.
So, all right, let's keep going.
Yeah, I think that's pretty much it.
That was my favorite one
because I can't wait to see this rod.
Russia is back. So, Russia is ready
to unleash their stuff because they blew
up their oil and so they're going after
Kyiv.
I'm waiting for Jason Bourne to come on
the scene and get Zelenskyy in
the days ahead, but he hasn't come yet.
Ukraine did that.
Yep.
Things are getting radical.
Weapons. I said we will see weapons
of war that will be over the
top in the days ahead. Okay, let's go.
Ready? Are we good? How many
minutes? Too long now?
Probably too long, but what else you got
to do? You know, you can pray or
whatever. Watch it back later. He's saying
he's not accepting—I don't
know—he
wants them to have a doctor's note
instead of calling in sick.
'We can no longer accept extraordinarily
high levels of sick leave in our
companies.'So
when the plague comes out in 2028,
you can't call in sick.
As of January 1st, 2027—I
want to hear it—as
of January 1st, 2027,
we are not accepting the exorbitant
levels of employee sick leave in
companies that have arisen after the coronavirus
pandemic. We are abolishing
the option of calling in sick by phone
and introducing the requirement to
present a doctor's certificate of
incapacity for work starting from the
first day of illness. This is a tough
decision. We know that. But we can no
longer afford this competitive
disadvantage caused by prolonged
absences in companies.
By fall of 2027, I saw the plague being
released on Europe and it was with rats,
and I said they will release this in
Europe first and it will be of rats in
2027. I said it's November or December is
when I saw them starting to really
escalate this in 2027.
I remember seeing the year—the
calendar flashed before me—and I saw 350
million people will die.
And then I saw it go into 2028
and 2029.
A shaking. But it's interesting that they
would say this kind of stuff. I just go,
'That's interesting.'And I said, 'What is it?
Population control?'What did I tell you? I
saw this—this is it. I said they take the
drugs from things that—or from obesity—and
they splice it with this, with
genetic DNA. They splice things from
obesity because they think obesity is
gluttony. And I saw the
seven deadly sins.
And I saw Satan—he's the accuser of
the brethren.
Okay. And I heard him say, 'Gluttony is
a sin,
and you have sheltered the body of
Christ, and there are many obese in the
body of Christ, and there's not been
repercussions for it.
Gluttony is a sin.'And he was accusing
the brethren because there are so many
obese people in the body of Christ.
He was saying it's the
level of sin; he was saying, 'It's no
different than adultery to your eyes,
right? Sin's a sin, right?'There's no...
there. And he was accusing the
Father of sheltering
obesity.
And I saw a splicing of DNA. That's why
the Lord's been on me about my weight.
I've been really good. I've gone 45
pounds off. I've done very well. I'm
very proud of myself. I'm back in a
large shirt. This is a big one today.
But I'm
on my way. I'm going to get my weight
down. I'm going to be looking skinny-mini in Jesus'name.
It's just hot
to exercise. But
when he brings up to me the seven deadly
sins, there're so many visions that
are so vital that the Lord has
given me about the future, about the body
of Christ and obesity and how important
it is to take care of yourself. And as I
saw the pyramid of the seven
and obesity was down
here, Satan highlighted it concerning
the body of Christ. He said, 'Look what
you've done.
These people must be judged.'And
I was watching it, and I
saw him take the idea with the scientist
of how to splice a virus in with
obesity medicine
and with heart medicine—with things
that had to do with obesity. And I saw
it was a drain on Europe's economy and
America's. And I had Braden do
all the charts for how much obesity has
caused America in healthcare. And I saw
we are the fattest nation in the
world. And I saw what the Lord was
telling me about this. And I saw a
planned pandemic,
like a genocide
concerning obesity.
And I saw a planned pandemic to
eliminate the healthcare system to
lighten the load.
Do you remember that?
Yes.
Now, I ain't trying to scare
you; I'm trying to prepare. I try to
tell you what I saw right
here. This is the video:
Obesity trends among adults. Play that.
Can you play that?
I know this is going extra long today. I
shouldn't have talked at the beginning
of it, but this stuff right here is
important. You need to know this.
Last 20 years,
the number of morbidly
obese across the United States has
skyrocketed to over 30% in the
last 20 years. Not only that, but what
is obesity costing you and me, the
taxpayer? Well, if you break down the
cost and compare them to other taxpayer
expenditures, you can see it adds up
really quickly. To fly our president for
one year in Air Force
One costs us $500 million. All costs
associated with illegal aliens in
California alone cost taxpayers $9
billion a year. If you add up the money
spent on the No Child Left
Behind policy, it's a staggering $23
billion a year. And all costs associated
with drunk driving, a whopping 24 billion
a year. So, how does obesity stand up to
these numbers? Well, when you add up
increased insurance cost, loss of work
due to obesity conditions, and
increased Medicare and Medicaid cost, it
comes to $80 billion a year. That's more
than all of those other programs
combined. So, now I saw this.
I saw Satan, and he was the head of the
meeting that I told you all that was
happening. And I saw a V
like this. Okay, that was like
a number five in the Roman numerals, like
a V. Okay. And
at the first, there were each
pillar and it went seven, and I saw seven
deadly sins.
Seven deadly sins. And I'm not familiar
with this because I didn't realize this
came from the Catholic Church.
I'm doing research because I'm
trying to study this out.
Before I present it to you, I look and
I'm like, 'Lord, this is deep.'But it
went like this: there were two
pillars.
Five were all together. There were
the ones that people really focus on, like
anger,
lust, and rage—those
things that the Lord
hates. I'm sorry,
I'll butcher it; I don't have the verse
in front of me, but these things the
Lord hates: a lying spirit, quick to
shed innocent blood—all those
things, right? There were seven. The five
went like this, and two were right here:
slothfulness
and gluttony. These were
things that were not as upfront as the
other sins. I want to say they were
back here and they weren't as prominent.
So when I'm seeing it
in the spirit, I see light shining on the
five, but the devil pushed the two—gluttony
and slothfulness—to
the front. He was talking
about exposing these two because
they were not as
bright as the others:
slothfulness,
obesity, and gluttony.
I was watching how this was
all panning out in front of me.
He was pushing them to the front
to call them out. Then I saw him
petitioning the Father because of grace.
He had a grace over what we would
consider things
that haven't
been a big deal, but there are a lot of
people that are heavy in the body of Christ—very
heavy. He was calling
forth all the scriptures, throwing them
at the Father. I could hear him calling
forth judgment over obesity,
saying, 'This is an open door from seedtime
and harvest.'He
was
petitioning
the open door for judgment concerning
this. Does that make sense?
I'm trying so hard to do this.
Father, I thank You that You're helping
me. He was calling forth judgment
because it was in the
shadows: gluttony and
slothfulness.
I'm a watchman, and I'm here to tell you
all there is a plan for the enemy to
come in and design
something to wipe
people out. I'm just being real with
y'all. It's crazy,
the things I saw. This is something else
I thought was interesting: I was seeing
them use bumblebees for whatever it
was. These scientists were
taking
big
queen bees—not
little
bitty baby bees—and
they were trying to figure out how to
genetically alter the bumblebee.
Very strange.
I'm still praying over some of this,
but these are just some of the
things that the Lord showed me in the
laboratory with the genetic code, using
AI for this new thing. I'm telling
you all, this will line up with the
end time, the pale horse
rider. There's something
serious about this. The Lord kept
saying to me after I cried out for
mercy, He gave me more time. He was
telling me, 'Brandon, get the weight off.'So
I have had a mandate by the Spirit
of God
to do whatever it takes
to get this weight off and to keep it
off.
I'm telling you all just out
of love. It's not to point fingers at
anybody;
I call out for grace. 'Father,
grace, grace, forgive me. Father, help
me to get the weight off. Help
me to take care of my body. I
don't want to have food addictions
anymore. I don't want to be bound by food.'I
have to reprogram
my whole mind here because, in my mind,
the value meal at
Burger King or McDonald's
is the standard.
I had
to ask myself the question: what is
right for a portion?
How much should a man eat?
I'm having to educate
myself. It's sad because
I'm 43 years old and I have no clue.
I had to go, 'What is a good portion
size of meat?'Six ounces, as most
people say, is six ounces of meat a day.
This was three years ago when He
started speaking to me about it, but I
believe we're right at the door of it.
AI was not even
really taking off then, but the labs and all the
things happening we're seeing right
now in the news. This was
one of
the
first videos I ever made on
YouTube,
trying to warn you what the
Lord shows me in prayer. So, who wants
to go tubing with me? I apologize it
went too long.
I feel like these things are necessary
to show you. We're probably well
over an hour and a half. But let's
pray now and just seek the Lord,
and we will follow the Holy Spirit.
To those that like the
news part of it, I hope you enjoyed that
this morning.
Father, we just thank You for Your body.
We thank You, Lord, for all that You've
done and all that You continue to do.
6,100 of you, let's go
and wreak some havoc in the
kingdom of darkness.
Father, we thank You for the body. We
thank You, Lord, for all that You've
done and all that You continue to do.
By the stripes of Jesus, we're
healed. We thank You, Lord, that as
we do this, this is not a religious act,
but it is relationship.
Christ in me, the hope of glory,
healed and whole and well. We thank
You, Lord, that we're seated with You in
the heavenlies. Father,
it's real to us that we are joint heirs
with Jesus Christ,
sons and daughters of the Most High God,
adopted,
brought in by grace,
saved and healed and whole and well.
I thank You, Lord, for this body,
Father, and what You did for me.
I thank You, Lord, that it's real.
As I take this body, Father, as He
is, so are we in this world. I
recognize what You did for me, Father.
We take it in Jesus'name. Amen.
Look what He did.
He did it all. Father, He paid
the price. We take the blood and we
thank You for the blood. We make much
of the blood, and the blood makes much of
us. Father, I thank You, uninterrupted
and unhindered by any satanic or demonic
spirit. Father, I ask You to speak
through my vocal cords and think through
my mind. None of me and all of You. I
apply the blood of Jesus over me.
I
plead the blood all around this room.
Father, if there's anything You want
to see, show me. If not, we'll just keep
praying and move on.
We're not dependent upon a vision to
pray. Father, I thank You, Lord, for the
blood. We make much
of the blood. I apply the blood over me.
We yield to the anointing of the
prophetic. We yield to the anointing of
the watcher. We yield
to it all in the name of Jesus. We
give You glory, honor, and praise for
what You're about to do.
Amen and amen. We take the
blood.
Thank You, Father, for the blood. Jesus
is Lord.
Oh Lord, after I watch all that,
I know where we are
and I know what we're about to
see, but we're not affected by any of
it. If we're a believing believer,
we're underneath that grace.
No matter what they plot
or
plan, the very pits they dig to get us
to fall into, they will fall into
themselves. We will not fall in the pits or
the traps or the snares of the
fowler. Father, we will not bow our knee
to the demonic spirit. We rise up
with a backbone like a crowbar. And we
take our authority over our areas where
we live—our houses and our communities.
And we say, 'Satan, thus far and no
further; you'll not touch us. You'll not
hinder us. You'll not harm us.'We plead
the blood of Jesus over us and our
families. Father, let us be in the
right place at the right time, doing
exactly what You've called us to do. Let us
hear Your voice, and a stranger's
voice we will not follow in these end
times.
You say, 'Go here,'we'll go here. You say,
'Go there,'we'll go there. But Father, we're
not going to wrestle with it; we're just
going to be quick to obey. We're quick
to obey You, Father, in these last days.
You say, 'wait,'we wait.
You say, 'Walk a mile,'we'll
walk two. Father, I thank You, Lord,
that we are submitted to You in
the name of Jesus. And we tell our flesh
to shut up.
Flesh, you shut up.
Holy Spirit, help me. Help us to be
strong. Help us to follow after You.
Help us to hear You more clearly so that we
yield, and help us to pray.
Teach me to pray on another level. Holy
Spirit, teach me to walk with You on
another level.
I know the Bible says, 'If ye abide in
Me and my words remain in you, you ask
what you will and it shall be done.'I
thank You, Lord, that the
Word is abiding in me. The Word is alive
in me, Father. As I read it and I speak it—I
say it out
of my mouth—there's power. Life and
death are in the power of my tongue. And
Father, I say I'm blessed. I
say I'm successful. I say I have more
than enough. I say the enemy has no
stronghold on me.
I say out of my mouth that I'm more than
a conqueror through
Him who is in Christ Jesus. I'm
more than a conqueror.
I thank You, Lord, that that power, that
Dunamis power, that Holy Ghost power
that raised Christ from the dead
dwells in me by faith. And I receive it
now in the name of Jesus: another
portion, a new level of revelation of
who I am in Christ today. And I thank
You, Lord, that we're going higher,
higher, higher, higher in our prayer
life, higher in our ability to
believe You for more. Father,
we stretch our tent, we stretch our
boundaries, and we say, 'Father, there's
nothing that's impossible for You.'All
things are
possible to him who believes. And we
believe, Father, that we're believing
believers and we're not doubters.
We're overcomers by the blood of the
Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
We have authority over the devil.
And we're so grateful, Father, that You
didn't leave us defenseless and You
didn't say, 'Well, you're
in trouble now.'But Father, You
said, 'It is finished.'And You gave us all
power and authority over the enemy.
Thank You, Father.
Now, Father, we lift up our president
today.
We thank You, Lord, Father, for
President Trump.
I pray over his mind.
I pray over his heart, over all
his vital organs. We thank You, Lord,
that he will live long and finish
strong.
We call him to live long and finish
strong in the name of Jesus. He
will not just barely get by; he is
an overcomer,
and he will have exceedingly abundantly
above all that he dare ask or think.
His mind is renewed—no dementia,
no Alzheimer's, no strokes. Yes,
that's it right there: strokes. I see a
pulse in the blood vein in his head.
I see what you call
aneurysms; it's in the
blood flow. We call his blood flow to
flow. His arteries are good. The
arteries of President Trump—his
main arteries, his little
arteries, all his little veins—we
call them good.
I don't know what you'd call that—good,
or how do you say it?
Pliable? They're not
hard; they're softened. They're good. I
don't know the
medical term, but I say whatever it
takes to make blood veins flow well. No
calcification.
No calcification.
Hardening. I hear this concern in him—hardening
of the blood vessels.
Calcification.
Hardening.
We call his body to function like it's
supposed to in the name of Jesus. The Lord says
he's sowing bad seeds of bad foods. Sowing
bad seeds of bad foods.
Faith will only take you so far
if you are not doing what you should be
doing. In the natural
part,
eating the right foods, taking care of
your body like I've designed you to do—eating
fast foods and trash,
Diet Cokes, bad foods—you must
drink water. You've got to take care of
your body. Do your part; God
does His part.
Do you understand? What you sow, you'll
reap.
If you sow to the flesh, you'll reap
that way. Do you understand? What I'm
seeing in the spirit is you can pray so
much, Brandon, concerning this, but if
you're dumb and you step out in front of
a car,
it's your choice.
Don't be dumb and step out in front of
the car. We ask for the angels to
protect us, but it's your free will. You
have free will; you're a free moral
agent.
Yes, He'll heal your
body, but if you're sowing to the
flesh, you're going to reap that way.
So I ask for mercy concerning this
and just get him through his term.
Then whatever happens is on him. But I
ask You, Father, to get him through his
term.
I ask for mercy concerning this, and I
petition the courts of heaven. I
thank You that You get him through his
term, and after that, it's on him.
He needs to do smarter. But
Father, I ask You to sustain his blood,
sustain his body with the Holy Ghost
power, Father, for the position that You
called him to, to get him through these
next two and a half years. May he live
long and finish strong, and let him
not have the 25th Amendment against
him.
We ask You to keep his blood flow good.
We ask You to keep his heart
strong, his mind strong, Father. And
Father, we are already
preparing for the next term. We occupy
until You come, Lord. I pray You
come back sooner, but we occupy until
You come. So Father, I'm praying over
Marco Rubio right now, that he will rise
up like a star like he's supposed to. I
pray a Holy Ghost covering over Marco
Rubio. I thank You, Lord, as You show me
this is who You pick, and I cover him in
the blood. I don't see it on JD Vance.
And I thank You, Lord, that Marco
Rubio will have his tens of thousands
and JD Vance will have his thousands.
And there will be a rising of an
anointing upon Marco Rubio for this
time. And I call, Father, for a transfer
of the anointing already starting to
come on him to shine, shine, shine.
I see another face.
The
Lord said, 'Don't always assume
immediately that it's Marco Rubio.'Pray.
Pray for his heart. Pray
for his mind. Pray. There's things to
pray for still.
I see other faces trying to rise up
around him. But they
already have their selected;
they already have the things of who they
believe. The people
in power say, 'This is our
selection that we will present to the
people.'And
I see Mandabi.
I see him there. There's an
endowment trying to come on him even greater—of
a demonic ooze.
His voice will be amplified in the days
ahead in the media.
CNN will embrace him.
It's
like
a mother hen—a
demonic spirit trying to pull him in,
trying to pull him. They want to
restrain
some of the things he says; some of
it is way too radical.
They want
to bring him in a little bit. He is
getting way too far out
there. It's the more progressive, the not-so-liberal
Democrat.
Present yourself to everyone. Can he not
present himself to everyone?
Hillary Clinton. I
see Hillary Clinton. She doesn't like him. Hillary
Clinton doesn't
like him.
It's too far over here; we've got to
bring it back over here. I hear her say
she doesn't like this guy. She wants to
bring it this
way. How do you bring it over here to
be a part? How do you be in the middle?
And that's why they're looking at Gavin.
I know Mamdani can't be president, but
it's the voice of the party that he will
represent:
the socialistic, communistic side, the
left, like the
AOC.
It's the stronger, more evil side
of the far left. And then you'll have
Gavin come up to try to be like
Hillary.
It's a party divided.
More progressive.
We call confusion in the enemy's camp.
We thank you, Lord. There's confusion in
the enemy's camp. We thank you, Lord.
There's a bringing down of confusion in
that socialistic, demonic spirit.
In the name of Jesus, America will not
be a communistic, socialist nation. We
come against that spirit in the name of
Jesus. You will not bring that spirit
over our nation. You will not, in the
name of Jesus. We plead the blood and we
rise up against that devil. We know we
wrestle not against flesh and blood, but
we come against that spirit in the name
of Jesus. We say you will not have our
nation.
We call our leaders to rise up and get
some integrity, have some clarity, and
get some stuff passed.
Use the window that God has given you.
You're out of time.
We call that distraction over him.
In the white, I see a fog trying to come
on his mind. It's a dark fog. It looks
like a storm trying to cloud
confusion over President Trump's mind.
And we call clarity. We call clarity
over his mind. Clarity in the
name of Jesus that he thinks clearly, that
he has no storm around him. We pray a
peace that passes all understanding over
his heart and his mind.
Which way do you want me to
go, Holy Spirit? I see the
wall again.
I sing praises to your name,
Oh Lord.
praises
to your name,
Oh Lord,
for your name
is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I sing praises to your name,
Oh Lord.
praises
to your name,
Oh Lord,
for your name
is great
and greatly
to be praised.
We give glory to your name,
Oh Lord.
glory to your name,
Oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
We give glory to your name,
Oh Lord.
Glory to your name,
Oh Lord,
for your name is great
and greatly
to be praised. We
give
glory to your name,
Oh Lord. Glory to your name, Oh Lord,
for your name
is great
and greatly
to be praised. We give glory to your name, Oh Lord. Glory to your name, Oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I give glory to your name, Oh Lord. Glory to your name, Oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
Thank you, Father. I
had to change the atmosphere,
dip in the river a little bit.
He said to me,
'You're too concerned about the time.
Until you lose that, I'm not showing you
the direction you're supposed to go.
Be still inside yourself.'So
I tell you what he says to me. He
said, 'Worship me for a minute.'He
said, 'If they want to leave, they'll
leave.
They can click out anytime they want,
but you're on an assignment with me.'And
this is the way you do it: you don't
get in a rush; you sit at his feet. They
will learn that this is not a microwave.
We sit at your feet.
You will learn; that's what he
said. They will learn.
The society is a microwave generation.
It's a slow cooker.
I'm not in a hurry about anything.
I don't fret about anything. I have
anxiety about nothing.
He is a flow;
he's in control.
There's no frantic in him. He's not
frantic about anything.
He's a pillar;
he's not moved.
He's a strong tower. The righteous run
into him and they are safe.
Your word is a lamp
unto my feet.
Jesus, I love you.
Yes, I love you.
Jesus.
Jesus,
Holy and
Anointed
One.
Jesus.
Your name is like honey
on my lips.
Your spirit's like water
to my soul.
Your word is a lamp unto my feet.
Jesus, I love you.
That's better.
Lord, there's so much performance in
everything.
The way humans look at it,
us.
He said, 'Just break yourself down
and just sit at his feet.
Humble yourself.
Rest.'He
is rest.
He's not upset about anything.
Rest.
Peace.
It's like a chicken
in the barnyard;
all quiet.
King Jesus,
it's that peace.
That's where you flow.
It's not up here; it's here. You just
fly.
When you still yourself down and
you still all the thoughts of all
these things—'Oh, we've got to pray for
this, we've got to pray for that'—where is
his heartbeat today? I see the line.
Where is his heartbeat in
prayer today? And you find it by being
still.
Calm down.
Holy,
holy
are you, Lord God
Almighty.
Worthy is the
Lamb.
You are holy.
Holy
are you, Lord God
Almighty.
Worthy is the Lamb. Worthy is the Lamb. You are
holy. Holy are you, Lord God
Almighty. Worthy is the Lamb. Hallelujah.
Hallelujah
for the Lord God Almighty reigns.
Hallelujah.
Holy,
holy
are you, Lord God
Almighty.
Worthy is the Lamb.
You are holy.
Holy
are you,
Lord God Almighty. Worthy is
the Lamb.
Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
Holy,
holy
are you, Lord God
Almighty.
Worthy is the Lamb.
You are holy.
Holy
are you, Lord God
Almighty.
Worthy is the Lamb.
Hallelujah.
We change the atmosphere. We change it.
Worthy is the Lamb.
You are holy.
Holy
are you, Lord God
Almighty.
Worthy is the
Lamb.
Hallelujah.
Worthy.
For the Lord
is good,
and his mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy
endures forever.
Thank you for helping me.
I see an angel there. He came to help,
and I see him. He's standing right
over there. He
has come in.
He said, 'We've got work to
do.'Holy,
holy, holy.
You are holy.
There is none like you.
So what are you here for?
He
said
he's here for Israel, about
Israel.,
sing it one more time.
Hallelujah.
That's what he said. He said,
'Sing it one more
time.'For
the Lord God Almighty reigns.
Hallelujah.
For the Lord God Almighty
reigns.
Hallelujah.
Holy,
holy
are you, Lord God
Almighty.
Worthy is the Lamb.
There's a major door that is
opening.
What is that, Lord?
I see the angel and he's
standing there right by this door. And
the door opened, but it's concerning
Israel. What is this?
The fig tree is ripe.
The fig tree is full of figs.
I see a fig tree upon a hill.
And he said, 'Look to the fig tree.'And
I see a fig tree that is full of
figs. The figs are ripe, and I see a
storm around the fig tree
with great
lightning. But the
fig tree is full of figs, and the figs
are ripe.
Tennessee.
Hallelujah.
For the Lord God Almighty
reigns.
Hallelujah.
Holy,
holy
are you, Lord God
Almighty.
Worthy is the Lamb.
You are holy.
Holy
are you, Lord God
Almighty.
Worthy is the Lamb.
This is what I see when
that angel
released water
and the water flowed from the Father's
throne. The water
flowing from the
Father's throne is coming down the steps
and the door has
been opened, for the tree is full of figs.
You don't realize where you are in this
dispensation of grace.
Jesus is standing at the door.
The greatest harvest of souls this world
has ever seen before is just right
there.
This is my last call.
The Lord says, "I'm
leaving the ninety-nine and going after the ones."This
is my last call.
For I have given one last call,
one last major push.
And I'm bringing the harvesting
equipment.
He's bringing forth the harvesting
equipment, for the harvest is plentiful
and the laborers are few. But I can
use the few.
There is a major move
and the door is being opened unto you.
I see it and there's a river flowing
through.
Look at Israel. He said,
"Look at Israel.
Ezekiel 38 and 39.
There's no separation."I
see it:
replacement theology. You understand?
It's no more. All these people are
wrong. There's no replacement theology.
He said, "Look at Israel. What I'm about
to do, the fruit is ripe.
The fruit tree is
ripe. The figs are ripe.
Great persecution
and he's bringing them home."And I see
a migration; they're coming
home. A vast migration. The rest of
2026 and 2027. A
migration coming into the
summer of 2027, going into the fall
of 2027.
I'm bringing
them home.
For they were scattered
and now I'm bringing them home.
Watch the fig tree,
for it is ripe.
For they were scattered, and now I bring
them home.
And they'll
be brought home by the netfuls.
And
I'm bringing them home supernaturally.
Watch what I do.
And watch what I do with my church,
with my remnant.
He said judgment begins in the
house of the Lord first, and I am
cleaning up my church, cleaning up some
wrongs and making them right in the
pulpits across your nation, across the
world. I'm going to change and clean up
things, and I'm doing it right now as I
speak.
And I'm raising up people who will walk
in their authority. They'll
walk right in my
right hand.
A glorious church will arise
and they will walk in their authority.
And those that have been
held captive,
I'm sending my sons
and my daughters free.
They're loosed. Be
loosed in the name of Jesus.
Those
that are bound, be free.
He said
it's time to finish the race.
There's no more time. It's time to
finish the race.
Repair,
prepare
to prepare. Jesus is coming.
A shaking
from head to toe. Cleaning up the
church. An
acceleration of this.
I gave grace, and now it's
an exposing of what was hidden behind
your closed doors. For judgment begins
in my house first. There's a judgment that begins
in his house.
And I see a
cleansing.
This is my mercy: exposing. You must
embarrass sin before it embarrasses you.
A cleansing in
my house from being cold to
hot.
You're not even lukewarm. There's many
of you cold, and
now I want you to be hot.
A cultivation. A glorious
church, a greater glorious church.
More and more, and it will be
birthed out of the groanings—words
that cannot be uttered.
And I see a stronghold of witchcraft
that has been on certain nations will
break and lose its grip. This is in
South America and in Africa. There is a
great stronghold of witchcraft, and he
said, "I'm dealing with this."And I see
the glorious church rising and taking
the captives
and he's bringing them to the
Lord.
This is happening in Africa,
Asia,
South America,
America,
Mexico,
Canada,
all of them. But I see there's
been strongholds of witchcraft in
Africa and
South America and he's dealing with
this.
There's a
passing of the baton from the elders to
the youth. Watch what happens.
He gave prophetic words
even to Smith Wigglesworth
about the
young generation.
That's why he's put a mandate
upon these youth buildings. You're going
to see these new youth buildings.
He's speaking to elders: "Build youth buildings."There
is a revival coming in
the youth.
Why do you think Charlie Kirk's ministry
got attacked so hard?
A revival is coming in the youth. The
Lord says
it's a generation of new faces. The twenty-year-olds on
college
campuses.
You're going to see college campuses on
fire for me.
Great revival. You're
going to see some of the most liberal
colleges like Harvard and Yale.
You're going to see great
revival in these schools. Watch what I
will do with just a few.
I will bring them in. And he says,
"The greater the blue thinking, the
greater the revival. I will do
it."The
college kids,
I'm going to pour out the spirit
on my colleges. Asbury, you see.
Watch what I do with OU.
There's
compromise, and I will bring out
the compromise and I will separate it
and clean it up. I see it.
It's almost like you
spray down somebody who has dirt all
over them. You pull them up and grab
them by the arms, spraying them down,
and then you clean them up and it's
beautiful. I see a cleansing
with the youth,
a refiner's fire. And they
will spin and dance and rejoice like
David.
Hallelujah.
Glory
to God.
Hallelujah. That's what he's going to do
at Perry's youth. I see
Perry Stone's youth
and I'm telling you it's going to happen
at Church of His Presence. It's going
to happen at Collinsville.
He's going to
use the youth. Watch what God is going
to do with the youth.
You say, "What about the old people?"They're
going to be on
fire, too. But there's something about
the young. I see them spinning like
tops
to rejoice.
Does the Lord jump up, spin around?
I think Pastor Chip preached that
before: jump to be alive, to jump up,
spin around.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Jesus. And
it'll be the same in Minnesota. I see the church
in Minnesota.
It will
look like everything is crumbling,
like everything is closing.
There's still a
little bit of a hard season there, but
the Lord said it's going to come up out
of
this. Hold fast to what I've
told you to do. Hold fast and I will
provide for you. You'll come up out of
this. Hold fast. I'm
cultivating you, church. He said,
"I'm cultivating you."You can't rely
on your family's revelation. You
have to have it for yourself. He says,
"You have to have a revelation for
yourself.
You cannot rely on your mom and dad's
revelation; you have to have it for
yourself. And it's going to be
a cultivation for an
acceleration. Watch what I do."You
say, "Well, I feel like I have it. I
feel like it's there,"but there's much
more because I'm taking you from here
like a slingshot. I see
a slingshot
being pulled back.
And he said, "Because
the anointing on
you is going to be double like it was
with Joel. Double."It's
about the people coming
and people say they
criticize Joel. They criticize things
like that, but there were many people
brought into the kingdom.
You say it was for that season.
Just because you don't understand what's
going on, it's for that season. And the Lord
says, "But I'm doing a new season.
I'm doing a new thing for this generation."Does
that make sense?
I hear it, Lord. I hear you. I
want to say it just exactly the way I
hear it. I'm doing a new thing for this
generation
right now. A door is open. And I saw the
angel and he opened the door.
That was awesome.
It's lifting off of me. But
I say, "Dip me in the river again.
Let's go."Great
joy.
Find that scripture.
They left with joy. He led
captivity captive. I believe it's in
Psalms.
They left with joy. He said there's
going to be joy.
Psalms 93. Is that right?
They left with joy.
Father, I thank you. I see joy
bubbling. But
sobering days are coming.
He said it again, "Sobering days are
coming."Sobering,
but you can be drunk on
the new wine. Be being filled with
the Holy Ghost. As the evil and the
darkness approaches, you must
be being filled with his spirit
to the overflowing.
Drink of his presence. Drink of the
river.
Thank you, Father.
As he led captivity captive, as
they were, he said their
mouths were filled with joy and
laughter.
The Lord has done great things. Do you
find the scripture?
The Lord has done great things.
A new wave of his presence, a new wave.
The wells of revival are
becoming uncapped. He's cleansing his
church right now. I see it in a
vision, and he said, "I'm cleansing it
up today. I'm cleansing things."An
acceleration as you go into the seventh
month, going clear into the next six to
the first of the year. Watch what God is
doing and cleaning up his church. And
you're about to see new faces that
you've never seen before that are going
to have a fire in them. And the youth is
going to run this.
It's
going to come out of the youth.
Not going to run it, but it's coming out
of the youth. What did you have? "Our
mouth was filled with laughter, and our
tongue was singing. Then they said among
the nations, 'The Lord has done great
things for them.'The Lord has done great
things for us, and we are glad."Watch
what happens. We're going to be
glad.
Watch what you—the seeds you sowed in
the past will come to harvest at last.
I'm telling you, the seeds that
you thought were laying dormant, God is
breathing on those seeds, from the
finances to works of kindness.
The seeds you sowed in the
past, favor is coming to you in a
greater level.
The seeds you have
sowed in the past, God said you're going
to bring harvest at last. It's
harvest time. The sowers and the reapers
are going to go hand in hand. Watch,
because as
time is accelerated,
we're out of time.
"Then our mouth was filled with laughter,
our tongue was with singing. Then they
said among the nations, 'The Lord has
done great things for them.'The Lord
has done great things for us."It's
personal. It's for you. And we are glad
because he's just an amazing
God. He's our friend
to the church, to the
remnant. Thank you, Father. Now, Father,
we lift up President Trump.
I'll flow with you.
Father, we pray for President Trump. We
pray over the 4th of July.
We
apply the blood of Jesus over this next
couple of days, the 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 5th,
all the way through, and the
World Cup. We pray over
this time frame.
We say in the name of Jesus, no weapon
formed against this nation would
prosper. Every plot, every plan, every
pursuit, every demonic agenda across
this land, we call it uncovered by the
FBI, by Homeland Security, by local
law enforcement. We pray over
our intelligence.
We say in the name of Jesus Christ,
Satan, you will not touch our nation.
We apply the blood of Jesus from
sea to shining sea, from the Gulf
all the way up and over Canada. I pray
over Canada. I see you praying over
Canada, Toronto.
There's plots in Toronto.
Hold fast.
Hold fast. I see it.
Can we stop all that
cloud? Can we stop that, Lord?
It's
an
awakening.
We cannot keep going down the way it is.
He said, "As status quo,
I'm flipping the script."It
can't keep going
as status quo. I'm flipping the script.
And
the greater the sleep, the
greater the shaking. The greater the part of the nation is asleep,
the greater the shaking.
We're out of
time.
You talk to your children, he said, to
the ones more stubborn differently than
the ones that are more pliable.
You have to do certain things to
discipline stiff-necked children
versus the ones that are soft and
pliable. You won't treat the ones that
are soft and pliable like you did the stiff-necked
one.
It's different correction for a different
child.
This one you don't have to yell at like
that; this one you have to do more.
He said it's
different methods of correction for a
different child. And he said these up
here are more stiff-necked. He said
there's a remnant in
here; you just have to
barely say something and they're quick
to repent, quick to do right. This one
is stiff,
so I have to do a
greater shaking. He's going to have to
do a greater shaking, for I wish that
none should perish but all come to
repentance. He said, "I'll
get your attention in the days ahead.
I'm going to get your attention."He said,
"And it will spread into Europe. I'm going to
shake the
nations."A
great revival will come to the
Heartland.
A Holy
Ghost Woodstock revival will come to the
Heartland.
It will be like a Holy Ghost Woodstock.
The Lord said it will
come to the Heartland.
I see the theater in Branson again.
A cultivation for an acceleration.
Miracles, miracles, signs and wonders.
Again,
do not take the miracle as just common, like
it's just another eye being
healed. I see it again. There are so many
miracles that you're about to see.
Don't treat it as common. Every miracle
is holy.
Every miracle, every sign, everything
you're about to see is to be reverenced with
respect. Don't just go,
'Well, it's just another miracle. I've
heard about that before.'Every
miracle, everything that God is
about to do, be reverent and holy in
His uttermost respect. Thank you, Lord.
It's Your goodness. It's His mercy. It's
His goodness and His mercy. I'm
breathing as we say, 'Show us Your
glory, reverence.'He's
going to breathe on the
goodness and mercy like you've never
seen before. Watch what is about to
happen, but we honor every one of them
as precious.
Then Moses said, 'Now show me Your glory.'And
the Lord said, 'I will cause
all My goodness to pass in front of you,
and I will proclaim My name, the Lord,
in your presence. I will have mercy on
whom I will have mercy, and I
will have compassion on whom I will have compassion.'But
He said, 'You cannot
see My face, for no one can see Me
and
live.'Show
me Your glory.
Show me Your glory, Lord.
Let's see the
mercy of God flow, and healings and
signs and wonders.
It's His
goodness and His mercy. You're going to
see a wave of the goodness and the mercy
of God.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for the
goodness and mercy over America.
Let a great revival go from sea to shining
sea. We call in the souls
like
a whipping pot.
In the name
of Jesus, the harvesters go forth and
bring forth the harvest.
Father, put a fire in us,
a greater
fire of the Holy Ghost, a stirring in
that fire to realize what's inside of
us. We're wall-to-wall Holy
Ghost fire inside of us,
Father. A
greater wave of the fire.
Reap the
harvest.
All over Asia, bring in the harvest.
All over South Korea, all
over North Korea. We call the walls of
communism down. Deal with Kim
Jong-un. Deal with this tyrant sister.
Deal with them, Lord, to
bring in the
harvest.
We thank You, Lord. The fire is on us
today.
And the Lord said, 'I will cause My
goodness to pass in front of you.
I will proclaim My name, the
Lord, in your presence. I will have
mercy on whom I will have mercy.'Oh
Father, we
thank You for Your goodness and Your
mercy today. We receive it now in the
name of Jesus. We receive it by faith.
You said, 'His goodness and My mercy
will follow you all the days of your life.'I
receive what You've given me. I
will lack no good thing, Lord.
We
thank You, Lord, for a wave of the
goodness and the mercy of God.
Lord,
stir inside of us.
I hear the sound of an abundance of
rain.
Can these
dry bones live?
Oh God,
breathe upon the bones.
And all over South America, you will see.
All over Asia, all over Europe, we call a
great harvest in the Middle East, over Canada, over Mexico,
over North America, over
Australia, and
the Philippines.
Lord, breathe upon
the dry bones.
Stir in them, Lord.
And He said, '220, 220,
220. Plugging in. Not the
110, 220. It's time for 220 time.'The
trees. Do you
remember the trees? And the microphone
came out of the trees. I see it again.
The microphone came out of the
220 and became amplified.
There were four
major oak trees, and the
leaves fell. And in this timeframe,
they became plugged into a 220 and the
four trees began to light up with
the glory of God. And a microphone from
the 50s rose up out of those trees and
it became amplified. I remember the
vision. He said, 'Remember the
trees.'Father,
every single one of us is a light in
the darkness.
When you go into Walmart or
your grocery store,
wherever you are in
the world, remember Jesus is on
the inside of you. You are wall-to-wall
Holy Ghost. And when people see you, I
say, 'Show me Your glory, Lord. Shine on
my face.'Like
He
rebuked me earlier, He said, 'They're not
attracted to you. It's the glory on
you.'Arise
and shine, for the
light has come and the glory of the Lord
has risen on you.
It's time for
the church to be the church. It's time
for us to put away old things and
behold, He has made all things new. We
cannot be on our grandma's religious
experience.
We have to have a new experience in
this generation. It's time for the
church to not live off of the old
revivals from Oral Roberts and Jack Coe
and all them. It's time for us to
have our time.
That's old. It's dead. That river's been
over for a long time.
We can't camp around old dead things
because if you camp around dead things,
you start to stink like old things.
Don't camp around dead stuff.
It had its time.
Now it's time for us to arise and shine
for the light has come. We learn
and look and glean from the past
so we don't make their
mistakes.
Azusa
Street was
amazing.
But there is a
modern-day Holy Ghost movement on our
generation, and we need to
prepare
ourselves.
There's a
repairing of the body of Christ.
He's
restoring. He's removing some things
that need to be removed. He's dealing
with some sin behind closed doors. He's
exposing it. He's turning on the light.
He flipped on the light in your room
and He goes, 'Man, there's stuff in here
that needs to be cleaned up.'We
got to
prepare it.
That's what He's doing
right now. That's why He said 1
Corinthians 5:5. It is because some of
you are so stiff-necked. He has to do
the drastic to get you there because
you're reprobate. Your
mind's not right. And so He's going to
shake you to awaken you. That's why He
said 1 Corinthians 5:5, 'I will bring
the bride to My side.
He will hand you over because
He doesn't want you going
to hell. It will shake you to awaken you.'And
that's what I'm telling you.
He says
some kids had to be dealt with
more sternly than others. Why? Because
they're more rebellious.
You go, "Well, you know,
but can these bones live, ladies and
gentlemen, today?
Can these bones live?"They can and they
will.
"Arise and shine, for the light has come
and the glory of the Lord is risen on you."And
then Moses said, "Now show me
your glory."Verse 18, Exodus 33:18.
Then Moses said, "Now show me your
glory.
Show me your glory.
Show me your glory."I camp there. "Lord,
show me your glory.
Show me your glory
for
me."We
call the blinders. The Bible says
that Satan has blinded the eyes of the
unbeliever. Now we call the blinders to
be removed. That Ephesians 1:18 would
flow through them. That the eyes of
their understanding would be
enlightened. You're no longer going to
be able to blind the unbeliever's eyes.
We say a season, Father, this: let them
see. Let them see. Ephesians 1:18, we
call the eyes to be opened. We call the
blinders to come off their eyes in the
name of Jesus. We call in the harvest.
This is a time of the harvest.
I call unsaved loved ones
saved.
There's no one too far gone. There's no
one too far gone. We call them saved. We
call them saved. We call them saved.
Even the heart, what you'd say, this is
a hard case. There's nothing too hard.
There's no one too far gone.
He's come to save that which was lost.
We thank you, Lord, today. Thank you, Lord,
for this time of prayer today.
Well, I pray you got something out of
it. I pray you feel refreshed. I pray
you feel a stirring inside your spirit
and that you feel that you can go
through the day with victory. It is
a good day.
I have such an anticipation
for the demonstrations and the
manifestations of the glory,
for he will use you and me in these
last days. You will see the greatest
move of God, but it will happen through
you and me. Yield to it. Say, "Jesus,
here am I. Use me."As the angel takes
the coal upon the lips of the unclean
man, and he says, "Here am I, Lord. Use
me. I'm a man of unclean lips. I'm a man
of unclean lips. Here am I, Lord. Use me."And
the angel took the coal and he
put it on his lips.
"Send me, Lord.
Send me. Here am I, Lord. Send me.
Here am I, Lord. Show me your glory like Moses."If
he would do it for Moses
underneath the old covenant, how much
more will he do it for you?
How much more? If Moses could say it,
"Lord, show me your glory."Then one of
the seraphim flew to me with a
burning coal he had taken from the altar
with a pair of tongs. He touched my lips
with it and said, "See, this coal has
touched your lips. Now your guilt is
removed and your sins are forgiven."That's
what Jesus did for you.
Jesus did it. He touched our lips with
his precious blood. Jesus Christ took
everything for you. Jesus did it. Now I
say, "Here am I."I remember hearing Reinhard Bonnke.
He was talking about a
young man that he met on the side of the
road. He was a young man and
he led him to Christ. Like two days
later, he came back and the kid was
laying hands on people and the glory of
the Lord was showing up and healing
people, and he was only saved for
like three days. Two or three days.
The moment you confess Jesus Christ as
your Lord and personal savior, you're
wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. You say, "Jesus,"he
dwells on the inside of you. We're
joint heirs with him. You have the ability
at that moment to raise the dead. You
have the—it's not—it's a refining
fire process that you die to self and
you go from glory to glory. But the Holy
Spirit is on the—the same resurrection
power that raised Jesus Christ from the
dead is already on the inside of you.
Yield to it. That's what I'm talking
about. Just dying to self. I want
more of him. I want
to know him more. We already have all of
him. But I'm saying I want to know him
more.
I want to have more of a relationship
with him, so that I die more. I die
daily.
It's the flesh. Stinky flesh getting in
the way. You flip out and you
say stupid stuff.
Help me. I want to know you more. I
want more intimate relationship
with you.
Show me your glory
in these last days. The
hand of the Lord was on me and he
brought me out in the spirit of
the Lord and set me in the middle of a
valley. It was full of bones. That's
right. Ezekiel
37:2.
Can these bones live? Yes,
and they will.
Watch what God is doing.
Well, praise the Lord. If you're here
today and you've never asked Jesus
Christ to be your Lord and personal
savior, today's your day. You're like,
"Brandon, this was—I—come on. I
clicked. I was scrolling. I was death
scrolling. I found you and I'm looking
at making fun of this guy. Who is this
idiot? Right?"That's because that's what
the world would think.
But you're here because you're curious.
You have a pulling. And maybe you're
here and you used to have a relationship
with God and over the course of time
you've let your fire burn out. But today
you want to restart. You want a
brand new start with the Lord, right?
Today's your day.
No one comes to the Father unless he
calls him, and he's calling you right
now. He's standing at the door of your
heart and he's knocking on your door.
He's saying, "Will you let me in?"Today
is the day of salvation. There's a
heaven to gain and a hell to shun. And
if you're here right now and you've
never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord
and personal savior, today's your day. I
want to lead you in a simple prayer. And
it's not a hard prayer. It's
just a simple little prayer. Say,
"I admit it, quit it, and walk away from it."Right?
But this is what you're going
to do. You're going to confess Jesus
Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
You're going to invite him into your
life, and he's going to change it from
the inside out. It's nothing
spooky. It's nothing weird. You're just
yielding to a God that's
already there for you. He's there. He's
the ever-present help in a time of need.
You're just acknowledging you need him.
"I need you. I can't do this anymore
without you. I'm on the verge of self-harm.
I'm on the verge of a divorce. I'm
on the verge of drugs or alcohol.
I'm so strung out on this. I'm so strung
out on these perversions and all this
stuff. I need help."Guess what? You came
to the right place.
There's nobody going to help you other
than Jesus.
There's nothing out there that can solve
your issues other than Jesus.
There's no doctor. There's no pills.
There's nothing. It's all a band-aid
to the problem.
The problem is you're a sinner and
you need a savior. And the moment you
confess your sins, he is faithful and
just to forgive you of your sins and
cleanse you of all unrighteousness. And
today is the day of salvation.
You don't have tomorrow. Maybe. None of
us do. If this could be our last time to
be on this earth, it could be it. This
is it. The very shoes you put on today,
the undertaker might be taking them off.
That's what I'm trying
to tell you. Unless you're listening to
the voice of the Lord and he tells you, he
said, "Braden, I need you to be here to there."If
you're not following his
voice, you're in trouble in these last
days. So, I'm trying to tell you if
you don't have Jesus Christ as your
Lord and personal savior, you're in
trouble.
So, I want to ask you today, do you want
to be saved?
Do you want to get born again? Do you
want to have a new clean start?
So, if you're here today and you say,
"Brandon, that's me. I used to be on
fire. I used to be saved. I
need a new clean start. I've messed up.
I've sinned. I figure God's mad
at me. I don't even know if he'd want
even me back. I went out and I was
stupid. I did what I used to do. And not
only that, I was worse.
He loves you and he is
like the prodigal son in the Bible they
always talk about. He
spent all his inheritance, he was laying
in a pigpen, and he thought, 'Man, if I
could just go back and be a servant in
my father's house.'But as the father saw
him coming, he said, 'Kill the fatted calf
and bring a robe. My son is home.'That's
what he's doing today for you. He's not
up there beating you with a rod. He's
saying, 'Let me help you, clean you
up. I love you. I've missed you.
I've missed you.'"God is a
God of mercy.
God is a good God and the devil's a
bad devil. The devil will lie to you and
say, "See, he don't want you back."No,
He's up there going, "Don't listen to
that idiot. Shut up, devil."You got to
tell him, "Shut up, devil. God wants me back."He's
there. And so, today's your
day. I want you to repeat this prayer
after me. Say, "Jesus,
I believe you are the Son of God. I
believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
Jesus, as of today, I turn my back on
the devil. I turn my back on my sin
that I was doing. I confess my sin
before you. And you said that if I
confess my sins, you are faithful and
just to forgive me of my sins and
cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
Today, I want to be saved. I ask you to
write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life. I'm all in. I'll serve you from
this day forward.
Forgive me where I need forgiveness for all the
stuff I've done. I don't know what
you've done. You know, forgive me of
it. Thank you, Lord, that today is a
fresh, clean start. And if I die today,
I'll be with you in paradise forever.
Forgive me, Lord."That's all you got to
do. Forgive me. That's so easy. That's
why you don't realize what his
precious blood did. The moment you say,
"Jesus, forgive me. I believe you're the
Son of God."Bam. It's done. But you say
it with your heart.
I need you. I can't do this without you.
So I believe when you just did that, you
just said the sinner's prayer. You just
gave your heart to Jesus Christ. Behold,
all things are new right now. So what
are you going to do
with your new salvation? You
feel that light? It's all lifted off of
you. The darkness is lifting off. Why?
Because he came to set the captives
free. So what are you going to do?
You're going to get plugged into church.
You got to get a Bible. If
you don't have a Bible, I will send you
a Bible for free just to love on you and
to tell you, "Welcome to the
Kingdom of God. Welcome to
being a brother or sister."I'm
excited you're here. Now
it's down in the description down below.
There's an email down there. Put
your name and your address, not
in the description in the headline, but
in the email. Tell me who you
are and that you got saved watching on
YouTube, and we will send you a Bible for
free. No question. We don't want to
solicit you. We don't want to bother
you. I understand. I don't want to be
bothered either, but I want to send it
to you just to love on you and to tell
you welcome home. Read the Bible every
day. It's going to change you from the
inside out. If you
say, "Well, I don't understand it,"I'll
send you a version of the Bible that you
understand. Amplified is pretty good. I
like it. New King James. King James is
kind of hard sometimes, but you know
what? Read it. Read
Psalms. Read Proverbs. Read it from
Genesis to Revelation.
But read it and it will change you.
Get plugged into church. Tell the pastor
there when you get there,
"Listen, I got born again watching
some guy on YouTube, I want to be water baptized."Get
water baptized. Get
plugged in there. Go to church on
Sundays, Wednesdays, whenever they have
small groups or whatever. Find new
friends. You may not be able to hang out
with the old people you were hanging out
with before. Tell them, "Come with
me to church."If they say, "Nah, I don't
want to. We're going to go to the strip
club tonight,"say, "I'm not going
there, but I'm going to go to church."And
you're invited to come with me. And
they're going to see that you're
changed. And God will bring you new
friends if you need new friends.
But you keep being a light and they're
going to follow one day. They're going
to say, "I remember when he was that way
and he used to be the biggest sinner,
but you know what? He seems to be better"or
she.
It takes time. It's the washing of
the water of the word. The more you get
in the presence of the Lord, the more
your flesh is going to
be new. Watch. So, we're excited you're
here. If you could like, subscribe, and be a
part of our YouTube channel.
We're excited you're here. We're excited
you're a part of this YouTube channel
now. Be a part. I pray
every day. I know I pray at night,
sometimes at nine o'clock, but the Lord
said, "I want you to reach a different
crowd. Go in the mornings."And so we did
it two days in a row now. So we're
reaching new faces that we've never
reached before. We usually are late at
night and we're reaching a different
part of the world. But the Lord said, "I
want you to help out in the mornings now
for a little while."So we'll do this
until he says to do something else. I'll
do the afternoons. I don't like being
in a rut. So let's do something
different and reach a different group of
people. So I don't know where you're
watching from, but hopefully you're
in a different part of the world than we
used to reach.
There's 6,100 of you at the top.
Was that the largest one today?
6,100.
Yeah, because
usually on the nighttime
you hit
8,500 to 9,000. The largest was 10,000.
So, we're believing God to reach
20,000 at a time.
So click on your notification
bell. We know YouTube doesn't like us. We
say a lot of things that make them mad.
So they don't notify the people
when we're on. So you just have to know
we're going to be around 8:00 Central
Time every day for a while until
the Lord says go in the afternoons or
whatever. So if you want to pray with
us, 34 people gave their heart to
Jesus Christ today. All 34 of you,
welcome to the kingdom of God.
Isn't that wonderful? 34 is
a good altar call, huh? A
lot of people came to Jesus.
Yes.
Hey, 44 last time, 34 today.
So, I'm excited. Bringing them in.
34. All to Jesus, I surrender.
All to him, I freely give.
So, we love you. Thank you for being
here today. If it was your first time,
let us know in the comment section. Say,
"I've never seen this guy before."I'm
just curious. So, how many people are
new here? What's the percentage of new
faces if you've never been on one of our
prayer calls? Every one of them is
different though, isn't it?
I saw that angel standing there and he
was so cool looking.
It wasn't Big
George, but
he had armor on.
He had the golden
armor on with the paisley-looking
print on this, looking like cast
iron. It wasn't opal. The opal one
that came here with a guardian angel
the one time I was praying,
he had an opal-looking outfit on and
his armor was alive and it was moving
and breathing.
But this one was in solid gold. And he
had a
Roman soldier-looking
hat on that was golden with some
kind of thing coming out of the top of
it. And he was standing there and he
opened a door. And when he did, he had
shin plates on. He had
armor on his arms.
I couldn't see if he had a weapon. He
opened the door. And when he opened the
door, I saw the glory coming and I saw a
wave of water coming down off the
throne. And that's what I thought was
really cool looking because I was
looking at him and I was thinking, "Wow."Because
he stood there and then
he said, "Sing the song again."The
angel said, "Sing the song again."And
he wasn't there like tangible
flesh. I'm seeing him in the spirit. And
he said, "Sing the song again."And then
I sang, "Holy, Holy, Holy"again. And
then I saw it. And then whenever it
finished and I stopped and I
was waiting, he said, "You didn't
finish the song."He
said, "You didn't finish.
Sing it again."And because I
stopped and I didn't sing the
song all the way, I had to sing the
whole song all the way through
in obedience to what the
Lord was telling me to do.
It was a
direct word and he said, "Sing the song again."And
I only sang it halfway
through because I had snot on my voice,
just being real with you, from crying.
And I couldn't make it all the way to
the high notes. So, I thought, "Well,
I'm not."And it was a "tell your flesh
to shut up and do what I told you to do."He
had a word from the Lord and
he said, "Sing the song again."And I
only sang it halfway through. And
because I didn't sing it all the way
through, he just stood there until I
sang it all the way through. And then he
gave me the word.
I thought it was funny. I
said, "Well, I'm just going to sing it then."So,
I sang it all the way
through. And then he said, "Well, you're
supposed to
say—it's
all 'do'."The Lord said, "Do what I
tell you to do. Sing the song again.
You stand there."And I thought, "Well, okay."I
thought, "Why are you not
saying anything?"And he was just
standing there and I'm thinking, "Okay,
what do you want?
What is your mission?"They
don't come just to stand there
and look pretty.
That's why I told you if you're looking
at angels and they're just standing
around and the Lord's just letting you look
around, you're
listening to familiar spirits; you need
to be careful. They're always on an
assignment.
They speak for him. They're always
looking at him. If they're out doing
like this and you're
looking at visions and
walking around, and angels are
just walking around
whistling,
no, it's demonic. You need to be
careful. That is a spirit
trying to snare you. Angels are on an
assignment. They'll tell
you things when the Lord says and
they're instructed to. That's why I
addressed him: "What do you want?"I
mean, what is the purpose?
Because if it's not, it's the devil. Get
out of here.
They don't attract to themselves.
They're not about attracting to themselves.
That's pride.
They attract to him.
They're on assignment for him. It's
never about them; it's about him. So if
it's about them, you're looking at a
devil.
Listen to me:
if it's about them and giving them
glory, you're talking to a devil.
They always attract to deflect. It's
just like we do. It's always about him—Jesus,
our maker, our creator, our
Heavenly Father. If you are talking to
an angel and you think you are, check
it.
You could be entertaining a spirit
unaware, and it's an angel, but it's a
messenger. They're trying to tell you
something, to instruct you to do
something, but if it's ever to give
them glory, it's a demon.
Angels do not get glory. Whenever—remember
when Gabriel came
before Mary, he said, "Be not afraid."But
what was it? "I have an assignment.
I'm going to tell you
something. I'm going to tell you
something, Joseph. I have to tell you
something."What
was it about? "You're going to
conceive a son. His name
will be Emmanuel, right? God with us."And
then they
told him to go to Egypt to flee
because the king was going to try to
murder all the babies because the wise
men were dumb and told him that they
were coming. Every
single thing was an
instruction. You always have to look at
what the Bible is: God is the same
yesterday, today, and forever. The way
he did it then is the way he's going to
do it now. He's not going to deviate
from his word. And if you think he's
going to deviate from his
word, you're off.
He always sticks to the word. If you
think he's going to deviate from it,
you're on the wrong road. The word is a
pillar. It never changes. The way he
operates is just the same. Jesus Christ,
the same yesterday, today, and forever.
He does not change from
what he says in his word. And so angels
act the same way. So the devil, he loves
praise. He wants it to be about him. "I
will exalt myself above him. I will do
this. I will do that."It's about him.
"You worship me and I'll do this for you."It's
about him. Demons are the same way.
They want you to do "you.""You sacrifice
this to me and I'll give you power. You
yield yourself over to me and I'll do this."If
an angel of the Lord does that, and
you think it is an angel of the
Lord, it's a devil. They are always on an
assignment. They are looking at him.
What do they say about him? What are
they saying for him on his behalf? And it
needs to line up with the word. A glory
is coming, an outpouring.
Don't get weird. You're going to see
some weird stuff in these last days.
You need to know,
be watchful.
Don't get flaky. Stay grounded with the
word,
okay? Hopefully that helps you because
people are getting some weird
stuff right now. I get some weird
emails. "I hear this voice. I hear that."Don't
be listening to voices.
Don't be listening to stuff you think is
the Lord.
If it's audible and you're hearing
voices all the time, you plead the
blood. Test it.
Don't be listening to voices all
the time. Anoint your ears with oil
and pray: "I plead the blood of Jesus
over me. I hear your voice, Lord, and a
stranger's voice
I will not
follow. If this is you, Lord, speak on.
If it is a demonic spirit, get out of
here."Billye
Brim says, "Do you
confess that Jesus Christ came in
the flesh?"And
she says that to me, "Do you confess?"Do
you see? What do you do? You
confess Jesus Christ came in the flesh.
"I'm not going to listen to you. You're
a demonic spirit. Get out of here."If
he confessed Jesus Christ came in the
flesh...
If you're seeing things, you need
to test it. Don't just be looking at, "I
see this, I see that,"of a spirit coming
and talking to you. That's what I'm
trying to tell you. I know the
difference when the glory comes in now.
I've been in this long enough, but
I'm always testing it. "What do you want?
What are you here
for?""Well,
I want to be your friend."No, get
out of here.
You're not my friend. I'm not going to
be a friend to an angel. I'm a friend to
him. I'm a friend of God. I'm a friend
of Jesus. He dwells on the inside of me.
But I'm not going to be buddies—"Let's
go have coconut milk, angel."No,
it's wrong. He has a mission to
protect and to serve, right? He's a
guardian. He's going to help you, but
he's been sent by the father to help
you. It's not on his
own. So, I hope I really drive that home
because I really feel you need to know
that.
All right. Well, we love you.
God bless you. Have a
wonderful day. Remember, put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you. God
bless you. Have a wonderful day.